If our index document is served over HTTPS, great.
But what about the site's assets,
are they surfed over HTTPS as well?
A fast way to break that beautiful green lock
is having your assets surfed over a regular HTTP.
When this happens, the site ends up in a state called Mixed Content.
Mixed content occurs when you open a website that is supposed to be
delivered over HTTPS but includes resources like images,
Iframe, stylesheets or scripts from non TLS secured origins.
A popular mistake is pulling in jQuery from a non TLS enabled CDN.
Depending on the type of resources that is being included over a nonsecure channel,
the consequences might differ.
It might cost you a green padlock but still remain functional.
The resource might get block or break your page
or it might even get the horrible red padlock of shame.
The behavior differs across different browsers so it should
definitely avoid and check a website for mixed content.
In fact, Google recommends that you'd surf all your assets over HTTPS.
This way, you'll avoid mixed content mornings and
your site and its assets will be transferred securely.